Just a short lecture
around CloudFront Geo Restriction.
So you can restrict who can access your distribution
based on the country where they try
to access the distribution from.
So you can set up an allowlist to define a list
of approved countries,
or you can set up a blocklist to set up a list
of banned countries.
Now the country is determined
by using a third-party Geo-IP database to match the IP
of the user to the country it belongs to.
So the use case for using geo restriction
would be copyright laws to control access to content.
So to turn on geographic restrictions,
go under Security,
and then under here
you will find CloudFront geographic restrictions,
and there is countries.
And then you click on Edit.
So it's a bit hidden,
but under there you can have an allowlist or a blocklist.
So we can set up, for example, an allowlist
and let's enumerate the countries
that will be always allowed,
and the rest will be blocked by CloudFront.
So here we're saying that India and United States
is allowed on our CloudFront distribution.
So if we're happy with this, we save the changes.
And as you can see, now the type of it is allowlist
and the countries are listed here.
And that's it.
So I hope you liked it,
and I will see you in the next lecture.